this is a body sand area and now we'll
take any of the machine tool marks out
and get this completely you perfectly
sanded redefine these curves they have
to be extremely well sanded here because
even a very slight little scratch will
show up in the final product everything
gets final sanded right before they go
to paint right behind me over here is
the cabinet manufacturing this is a Eden
bass amp those are Randall cabinets then
they'll come over here and get sanded
before they go through the wall where
they start applying the tolex and
loading the speakers and loading the
electronics into the amplifiers this is
right after the cabinets have come
through the wall we call it coming
through the wall because there's
actually a hole cut in there and one of
the first things they do is they'll come
in and black out the insides of these
things and then they'll start laying
glue on it and spreading the tolex or
vinyl or carpet is going to be on that
particular model of amplifier and then
they'll keep sliding down this roller
chassis to have subsequent operations
done to it once the vinyl is in it the
load the speakers or whatever component
needs to be loaded in and by the time
they get to the back end of the line
they're ready to be boxed and shipped
one of the first operations we do to
these things when they come in is we'll
hit these with a vinyl sealer and then
if they have open grain would like a
mahogany will set them back out here and
get them poor filled where we actually
run a little grain filler into them let
them sit overnight and then they come
back through this poly step where we
actually lay down the hard base coat and
it'll get three shots four shots of this
base coat depending on the wood that
it's being laid over this is chewy
duszynski is our artiste that works here
he's working on a couple of customs and
we'll let you tell him about them what
we're going to be working on just in the
near future here they printed this out
for us this is a real tree camo we've
printed out this size we're going to be
painting it on that guitar you see right
next to it so when the guitar actually
comes out of the paint booth we've we've
leveled it we've poly dit we've
color-coded it we've clear coated it
we've done all the taping operations and
it's been oven-baked twice and they'll
come out
now and get sanded down at down to about
1500 grit before they go on to the
buffing wheels and the buffing wheels we
got three separate steps the entire
guitar gets buffed in these stages and
it'll come down at third final polish
stage over here and that's pretty much
the stage that you see when you purchase
the guitar they are all clean all
perfectly shiny all flat and they move
on down the chain to have the parts
assembled on them and have them set up
you can see that they get sub assembled
in different stages the wiring harnesses
are not in here yet but they've already
started to mount the pickups in them
very very crisp and clean routes around
the pickups and the tremeloes and then
after this we'll put the tuners on it
will wiring the harness and then it will
move on down to the set up guys so at
the end of the chain the setup guys are
going to come in here and put all the
hardware on it and all the parts make
sure that the nut heights right at the
bridge heights right that the relief in
the next correct that it plays well that
it makes no buzz that all the scratches
are completely buffed free and then move
down to the final inspection station
where they're given one last look over
one last little polish up and then they
go into the box